docs/Nealon.md, before:

# Nealon's Worklog

## Week 11

### 4/2/20
Worked on loan maintenence page.

### 3/31/2020
Team meeting with Shane

## Week 10

### 3/17/2020
Charging port on my laptop broke last friday so I had to wait until a new one came before I could do any work.
Worked on Credit unions front end & logout functionality.

## Week 9

### 3/12/2020
Was able to link the back end model to display in the html. Adjusted credit unions list css.

### 3/10/2020
Filled out peer review. Worked on front end for credit unions page. Migrated databases.

## Week 8

### 3/5/2020
Worked on front end for credit unions page

### 3/3/2020
Worked on frontend for login page, updated readme. Researched extending user models.

## Week 7

### 3/1/2020
First versionof login screen front end is done

### 2/27/2020
Team meeting about progress and schedule, explained how docker might be slowing our team down for this project and not speeding it up. Spent more time trying to link static files.

### 2/26/2020
Spent the night trying to get static files to link to html

### 2/24/2020
Finished mockups

## Week 6

### 2/23/2020
Added more mockups

### 2/21/2020
Virtual machine failed and I can't get a local server for this project running on my machine. Debugging with sponsor.

### 2/20/2020
Worked on mockups from 1-3

### 2/18/2020
Worked on mockups

## Week 5

### 2/13/2020
Around 1am I got the VM and docker to work!
From 1:30-2:30 got VM and computer to share a folder so I didn't have to develop on the VM.
Had team meeting to discuss getting sample SQL tables and structure of the team.

### 2/12/2020
Spent 3 hours getting a VM setup because docker wouldn't run on my computer

### 2/11/2020
Spent 2 hours trying to get docker to work on my windows laptop.

## Week 4

### 2/6/2020
Team meeting with Mike and Mark from HomeCU. Talked about the schedule which they thought looked good. Got some clarification on how loan app editor should work. Requested screenshots of old system for referencing. Researched how to get docker working on windows.

### 2/4/20
Had meeting with Shane about the state of the project and what's next. Spent time with the group updating the schedule to meet our needs.

## Week 3

### 1/30/20
Had meeting with the group, Mike and Mark from HomeCU. Talked about the requirements of the project. What the old version of the product looked like, what our workflow was going to look like in the future. Set up meetings on Thursdays at 1:30 with sponsor. Talked about getting docker and project specifications. 

### Class 1/28/20
Setup this document, looked into python frameworks and what docker was. Started writing some questions we had about our project.

Commit message:

rough front end for loan app editor

docs/Nealon.md, after:

# Nealon's Worklog

## Week 12

### 4/8/2020
Tried to work on frontend for loan app editor, but 
VM decided to die so I had to re-setup the whole project.

### 4/7/2020
Meeting with Shane

## Week 11

### 4/2/20
Worked on loan maintenence page.

### 3/31/2020
Team meeting with Shane

## Week 10

### 3/17/2020
Charging port on my laptop broke last friday so I had to wait until a new one came before I could do any work.
Worked on Credit unions front end & logout functionality.

## Week 9

### 3/12/2020
Was able to link the back end model to display in the html. Adjusted credit unions list css.

### 3/10/2020
Filled out peer review. Worked on front end for credit unions page. Migrated databases.

## Week 8

### 3/5/2020
Worked on front end for credit unions page

### 3/3/2020
Worked on frontend for login page, updated readme. Researched extending user models.

## Week 7

### 3/1/2020
First versionof login screen front end is done

### 2/27/2020
Team meeting about progress and schedule, explained how docker might be slowing our team down for this project and not speeding it up. Spent more time trying to link static files.

### 2/26/2020
Spent the night trying to get static files to link to html

### 2/24/2020
Finished mockups

## Week 6

### 2/23/2020
Added more mockups

### 2/21/2020
Virtual machine failed and I can't get a local server for this project running on my machine. Debugging with sponsor.

### 2/20/2020
Worked on mockups from 1-3

### 2/18/2020
Worked on mockups

## Week 5

### 2/13/2020
Around 1am I got the VM and docker to work!
From 1:30-2:30 got VM and computer to share a folder so I didn't have to develop on the VM.
Had team meeting to discuss getting sample SQL tables and structure of the team.

### 2/12/2020
Spent 3 hours getting a VM setup because docker wouldn't run on my computer

### 2/11/2020
Spent 2 hours trying to get docker to work on my windows laptop.

## Week 4

### 2/6/2020
Team meeting with Mike and Mark from HomeCU. Talked about the schedule which they thought looked good. Got some clarification on how loan app editor should work. Requested screenshots of old system for referencing. Researched how to get docker working on windows.

### 2/4/20
Had meeting with Shane about the state of the project and what's next. Spent time with the group updating the schedule to meet our needs.

## Week 3

### 1/30/20
Had meeting with the group, Mike and Mark from HomeCU. Talked about the requirements of the project. What the old version of the product looked like, what our workflow was going to look like in the future. Set up meetings on Thursdays at 1:30 with sponsor. Talked about getting docker and project specifications. 

### Class 1/28/20
Setup this document, looked into python frameworks and what docker was. Started writing some questions we had about our project.
